Round Robin (#210)
jaybee84/ml-in-rd: content/02.intro.md

## Introduction {.page_break_before}

> Rare disease researchers are increasingly dependent on machine learning to analyze complex datasets.

Reviewer: Seems a little more active to me

```suggestion
Rare disease researchers increasingly depend on machine learning to analyze complex datasets.
```
